2025-3-19 | 13:52 

> this is a past journal in my school notebook at a random page I re-read  it and it was eye opening 

What is wrong with me. I think there are two or three main reasons. I can recall Matt D'Avella's words that a plane crashes when many things go wrong simultaneously but My question is what to do when you know that you are about to crash. (simple put all your efforts to prevent the crash from happening and if then also it happened then recover yourself from the crash) back to the reasoning and acceptance. I am lazy or I simply don't like to study or I simply don't like phy chem math. I am not superfical I scored low since the beginning it doesn't mean I will score low but the height which I am going is insane. (I know that but I can't accept). I am ambitious but lazy or not I have came through a hectic past actually my third reason was I am heavily addicted. but I hesitated to write it because now I don't have any lust or urge for it both for video games and x but I can't leave it

My traumatic past. When I look back I was a very quite kid scared to talk which new nothing who would study hard be an average. basically as bad as you can imagine. But I think think it was because of school. I was the shortest in the class the thinnest in the class I mean I trusted my family and at a very young age I was sent to school I was crying for a day but eventually stopped in a day and didn't cried again I think I was traumatized and then complemented it with video games & T.v. and then I got bored and got addicted to corn (actually I was watching lots of content in the pandemic and I remember I had that urge to watch female and then I googled and stuffs happened)(after pandemic I was already addicted to that stuff and I feared how will I see girls) and then when I came to my senses I got a hell
JEE or jee helped me grow up this much I think yeah if it wasn't in my life I wouldn't been journaling now or still would be journalling the real problem is boredom I scare through it and get addicted to something which gives me instant dopamine but it's cheap destroys me